You have to use the medicinal pills given by Nanling Point
To keep me in the top of the middle
To walk so far in one day
Unfortunately, due to the current physical condition
I can't go on the road anymore
Hey
Is the guest officer on the tip or staying at the hotel?
Eat first
Another room
Inside please inside please inside please
I'll take you up.
Guest officer sit sit sit sit
Guest officer, do you have any other needs?
Good wine and good food, please pay attention
Hey hey
Li Shushan really lives up to his reputation
Guest officer, your chives are here.
Take it easy
The good wine guest officer really knows the goods
This wine is the treasure of our town store